chore(deps): update dependency lint-staged to v15.5.1 (#167)
newjersey/nj-ai-assistant: README-NJ.md

3. Select "Run Workflow" and select your target environment
4. The workflow will get the environment-specific values from secrets, perform `envsubst`, upload the file to S3, and redeploy the service. 

> ## Clickopsed Components

Reviewer: [dust] Can we update this section for clarity?

```suggestion
## ClickOps Components
```

> The two clickopsed components of the NJ AI Assistant are the Bedrock Guardrails, and a Secrets Manager secret governing the connection string between the prod Librechat container and DocumentDB. Everything else is deployed by CDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following components of the NJ AI Assistant are managed via ClickOps (manually):
- The Bedrock Guardrails
- A Secrets Manager secret that stores the connection string between the prod LibreChat container and DocumentDB. 

The remaining infrastructure is deployed by CDK.
```
